[WIKI] Modify Contributing on repo (#237)
we-are-number-1/yumble: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Repository Information

### Issues/Tickets approval and review process
* All changes to the repo or any additions to the linked wiki must be documented using an Issue ticket
* All issue tickets, feature requests and bug reports must be approved through this [process](https://github.com/we-are-number-1/yumble/wiki/Issue-Review-&-Approval-process) before work is completed.
* Here is an updated list of all [approved labels](https://github.com/we-are-number-1/yumble/wiki/Label-Definitions) for issues.

### Pull Request approval and approval process
* All pull requests must follow this [process](https://github.com/we-are-number-1/yumble/wiki/Pull-Request-Review-and-Approval-Process)

### Developer Environment

> * Node 15.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Node 15.11
```
I think a higher minor version of node broke it

Deployment of the frontend and backend

### Architecture

> A description of the [architecture](https://github.com/we-are-number-1/yumble/wiki/Yumble-Architecture-&-Design) can be found within the wiki. Backlog of aritecture can be found on the groups google-drive.git and must be requested from se701group1@gmail.com

Reviewer: What do you mean by backlog of architecture? Haha also, what is google-drive.git?

> * Ask `se701group1@gmail.com` to be added as an outside collaborator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Email `se701group1@gmail.com` in order to be added as an outside collaborator
```
